
***

# .github folder info

The `.github` folder in this repository contains data for this repository for hosting on GitHub. This directory did not become mandatory until March 15th 2021.

This directory contains several features.

**Funding** - Funding is not available for this project. [Read more here](/Sponsor-Status/README.md)

**Issues** - This directory contains archives of issues I raised on this project, along with general privacy info. A brief description of the privacy policy goes as follows:

_I archive my own GitHub issues, and will not archive issues you raise without your permission. This includes replies, comments, and posts._

* A YAML file is also included that contains GitHub label data, with hexadecimal color codes, issue description, and issue titles.

* Sometimes, other YAML files are included for configuration of issues.

**Coming soon:** A separate YAML file for each issue directory that contains label data

**Discussions** - Similar to the issues directory, this directory contains archives of discussions I raised on this project, along with general privacy info. A brief description of the privacy policy goes as follows:

_I archive my own GitHub discussions, and will not archive discussions you raise without your permission. This includes replies, comments, and posts_

**SocialPreview** - This directory contains social media preview info for this repository for when you share or search for it. This makes a background appear above the repository in searches or messages, so that the profile picture of the user/organization is not shown in the preview. You can read more about it [here](/.github/SocialPreview/README.md).

I have 1 social preview image ready at the moment, but I can't use it yet, as I can't tell if it will break GitHubs guidelines on sexual content (it isn't a vagina or a penis, it is pretty tame. I am not sure if it is appropriate though, so I won't take the risk of uploading it)

That is currently it at the moment, other than the new description for this process being placed at the root of the directory (the file you are currently reading)

***

## File info

**File type:** `Markdown (*.md)`

**Original creation date:** `Sunday, April 18th 2021 at 8:13 pm)`

**File version:** `1 (Sunday, April 18th 2021 at 8:13 pm)`

**Line count (including blank lines and compiler line):** `45`

***
